72 and 76 our GM spank codes for hugger
orange in daytona yellow and these two
colors were only available on Chevelle
Super Sports for the 1969 model year
what that means is this Chevelle 72 trim
tag is your guarantee that it's a real
deal SS if you've been searching for an
old-school chevrolet muscle car that has
awesome pedigree to match this
outstanding good looks your Chevelle has
arrived one can't help but smile when
they look at a Chevelle this nice it's
everything car guys dream of from the
first time they say muscle car to the
day they trade a high-octane v8 for a
rascal motor decked out and bright
hugger orange and displaying a fanatical
attention to detail it's the product of
a complete nut and bolt restoration that
had to take years to complete its body
is a carefully orchestrated combination
of excellent panel gaps doors have
closed better than new professionally
aligned side stripes and a flat perfect
finish that stretches from one end to
the other and after you take it out on
the streets a few times you'll
understand why this car has earned the
nickname net breaker lift the hood and
you'll find a fully detailed 396
big-block v8 wearing a 1968 exclusive
casting number air and fuel entered the
combustion chambers through a correctly
decal air cleaner stainless fuel lines
and a reliable holley carburetor a/c of
brilliant Chevy orange paint covers the
blot from the base of its winter
aluminum intake all the way to the
bottom of the steel oil pan a correct
points distributor shoots spark through
seven millimeter suppression cables
bright chrome valve covers perfectly
contrast restored cast-iron exhaust
manifolds and a tag Delco Energizer
battery rides next to a heavy-duty
radiator that's equipped with the
correct fan shroud
underneath you'll find a rugged m21
Muncie 4-speed transmission sending
power to a correct GM 12-volt rear end
holding that drivetrain in place as a
double-a on front and four-link rear
suspension that was fully tagged in
chalk mark during the restoration and
presently features factory power
steering and correct front disc and rear
drum brakes open the doors and you'll
find a curette black interior which
appears to have been completely replaced
during the restoration centered in those
new components as a duo of bench seats
which carried just the right amount of
firmness and display no rips or tears at
all in front of the driver a correction
LSS steering wheel spins in front of an
excellent looking - B train a wart free
pad fully rebuilt gauges and a Direct
Fit Audiovox stereo and at the sides of
the driver stainless trim door panels
feature correct ss396 emblems adding a
little bit of a visual pop if you're
looking for a killer chevrolet muscle
car that'll win trophies and on the
street you don't want to miss out on
this authentic 69 Chevelle SS for more
information call click or visit arcade
motor Charlotte calm